hey everybody today I'm going to be
showing you my can crusher I just made
for a school project so I got a 16-inch
2 by 6 up here open it up
that's another 16 inch 2 by 6 16 into 2
by 6 like 8 or something 2 by 6 again 2
by 6 2 by 6
you know by 4 2 by 4 when I got a
bracket to hold an offense right here
another one right there I just nailed
most screwed those in so it hold it
there use that and I cut into it to a
big metal rod wait I'll show you
this here I cut into with uh just a saw
to make the things little bit that went
to this would you know drill the hole so
I've got three different types of pop
here show you how good it crushes them
look pretty good we're homemade cannon
crasher you know made it out of wood
this cost me about thirty bucks
look at all the extra 2x4 I got there
and some wood there and a metal pole
we're about thirty bucks
it's good Cola now comment rate and
subscribe and check out my video game
channel PS gamer 22 alright Varro Maruti
uh T side